[Core] Add code rabbit domain to domains allowed in saas integrations (#3221)
port-labs/ocean: CHANGELOG.md

this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->
## 0.42.2 (2026-05-14)

### Improvements

> - Fixed outbound requests to Code Rabbit dropping hostname-based routing by adding sentinelone.net to the trusted subdomains list in the IP blocker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed outbound requests to Code Rabbit dropping hostname-based routing by adding coderabbit.ai to the trusted subdomains list in the IP blocker
```
